Blog prep (#1760)
kestra-io/docs: content/blogs/2024-09-23-kestra-raises-8m-seed.md

---

> title: "🚀 Kestra Secures $8M to Revolutionize Orchestration, Next Chapter Unveiled."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "🚀 Kestra Secures $8 Million to Simplify and Unify Orchestration for All Engineers"
```

> description: "Kestra is redefining orchestration for enterprises worldwide, empowering engineers to simplify the most complex workflows at an unprecedented scale"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Enterprises worldwide trust Kestra to orchestrate workflows at any scale, and today, we are proud to announce our seed round."
```

date: 2024-09-23T14:00:00
category: Company News
author:
  name: Emmanuel Darras
  image: "edarras"
image: /blogs/2024-09-23-kestra-raises-8m-seed/funding_announcement_8M.jpg
---

> Orchestration is at the core of the modern business infrastructure, and today, we're taking a huge step toward transforming how it's done. **We’re thrilled to announce Kestra's $8 million Seed round, led by Alven** (Stripe, Dataiku, Qonto, Algolia…) with participation from I**SAI, Axeleo**, and key tech leaders such as Olivier Pomel, Tristan Handy, Michel Tricot, Clément Delangue... This funding marks the next chapter in our mission to redefine orchestration for enterprises worldwide, empowering engineers to simplify the most complex workflows at an unprecedented scale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Orchestration is at the core of the modern business infrastructure, and today, we're taking a huge step toward transforming how it's done. **We’re thrilled to announce Kestra's $8 million Seed round, led by Alven** (Stripe, Dataiku, Qonto, Algolia) with participation from I**SAI, Axeleo**, and key tech leaders such as Olivier Pomel, Tristan Handy, Michel Tricot, Clément Delangue. This funding marks the next chapter in our mission to redefine orchestration for enterprises worldwide, empowering engineers to simplify the most complex workflows at an unprecedented scale.
```

Our $8 million Seed round is a testament to the confidence our investors have in Kestra’s future. In addition to Alven, ISAI, and Axeleo, we’re proud to be supported by an impressive lineup of private investors, including:

- [**Olivier Pomel**](https://www.linkedin.com/in/olivierpomel/) (Co-founder and CEO of Datadog),
- [**Tristan Handy**](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tristanhandy) (Founder and CEO of dbt Labs),
- [**Michel Tricot**](https://www.linkedin.com/in/micheltricot/) (Co-founder and CEO of Airbyte),
- [**Clément Delangue**](https://www.linkedin.com/in/clementdelangue) (Co-founder and CEO of Hugging Face),
- [**Bertrand Diard**](https://www.linkedin.com/in/bertranddiard) (Co-founder of Talend),
- [**Nicolas Dessaigne**](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nicolasdessaigne/) (Co-founder of Algolia & Group Partner at Y Combinator),
- [**Frédéric Plais**](https://www.linkedin.com/in/fplais/) (Co-founder and CEO of Platform.sh)

> - [David Perry](https://www.linkedin.com/in/david-perry-8ab707/), [John Britton](https://www.linkedin.com/in/johndbritton/), [Antoine Balliet](https://www.linkedin.com/in/antoineballiet/), [Zachary Smith](https://www.linkedin.com/in/zsmith/), [Arnaud Ferreri](https://www.linkedin.com/in/arnaudferreri/)…

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [David Perry](https://www.linkedin.com/in/david-perry-8ab707/), [John Britton](https://www.linkedin.com/in/johndbritton/), [Antoine Balliet](https://www.linkedin.com/in/antoineballiet/), [Zachary Smith](https://www.linkedin.com/in/zsmith/), [Arnaud Ferreri](https://www.linkedin.com/in/arnaudferreri/).

```

## Built on the Power of Open Source

At the heart of Kestra’s success is our **global open-source community**. We empower engineers to easily adopt and integrate Kestra into their workflows by embracing open-source principles. This openness accelerates innovation, fosters collaboration, and ensures that Kestra is continuously improving based on **real-world needs**. It’s why thousands of production environments around the world depend on Kestra to power their **most critical workflows**.

![Kestra dashboard](/blogs/2024-09-23-kestra-raises-8m-seed/dashboard.jpg)

## Scaling Beyond Limits: Orchestrating the Future

In just one year, Kestra has grown by 10x, and today, hundreds of millions of workflows are powered by our platform. We’ve become the **orchestration layer of choice** for software engineers, DevOps experts, and IT leaders across the tech landscape.

Kestra enables users to **orchestrate workflows in under 5 minutes** through:

- **Seamless workflow design**: Easily build workflows through our intuitive UI or directly within your favorite IDE.

> - **500+ integrations**: Connect with key tools like Databricks, Snowflake, dbt, and Airbyte.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **500+ integrations**: Connect with major technologies incl. AWS, GCP, Azure, Terraform, Docker, GitHub, Kafka, Postgres, Redis, MongoDB, SQL Server, Databricks, Snowflake, dbt, Airbyte, and many more.
```

> - **500+ integrations**: Connect with key tools like Databricks, Snowflake, dbt, and Airbyte.

Reviewer 2: Good catch

> - **Deploy anywhere**: Run Kestra on any cloud (AWS, Azure, GCP), on-premises, or even using Docker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Deploy anywhere**: Run Kestra on any cloud (AWS, Azure, GCP), on-premises, or even on your laptop using Docker.

```

We’re planning to **expand into the U.S.** to better support our North American clients, bringing us closer to them for improved collaboration and service. Meanwhile, **we’re growing our team across Europe and North America**, hiring key roles such as Software Engineers, DevOps, Architects, Solution Engineers, GTMs, and Marketing professionals.

Most importantly, we know that **Kestra’s success is driven by the talented and dedicated people** behind the platform. **Thank you Team ❤️**, your commitment to **pushing the boundaries of orchestration** is what sets us apart, and we look forward to growing this exceptional group to take on the challenges ahead.

**Thank you to our users, customers, and investors** for driving Kestra forward in our mission to transform orchestration. **Help us build the leading platform for Unified Orchestration** by [starring us on GitHub](https://github.com/kestra-io/kestra) and joining this exciting journey.

**Orchestrate Everything, Everywhere, All at Once**

> <a href="https://github.com/kestra-io/kestra"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/kestra-io/kestra?color=blueviolet&logo=github" height="24" alt="Github star" />

Author: Thanks, I've dropped it. GH link is just before, and this seems flaky (different behaviour in different browsers)
